# SVNIT-Team1-

<h1 align="center">OHLC Web Application</h1>

<div align="center">

 We have used [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/about/) and [Express](https://expressjs.com/) for backend and [React](https://reactjs.org/) for frontend

</div>

## Table of Contents

1. [Introduction](#Introduction)
2. [Features](#Features)
3. [Prerequisites](#Prerequirites)
4. [Installation](#Installation)
5. [Demonstration](#Demonstration)
6. [Contributors](#Contributions)

## Introduction

#### This web application can be extensively put to use for clients how want to take well learned decisions before investing their money in a stock. It is supported by a multi-module scalable back-end engine which will be responsible for taking certain data as input and process the data to showcase the raw data in desired format. It helps users to visualize the stock prices of a company using five different types of plots which include the likes of OHLC and Candelstick graphs.


## Features

### Frontend

- **_Search Bar_** - This feature enables the user to search for different stock prices of the listed organizations. 
 
- **_History_** - The user is also able to view his/her history for the session. 

- **_Charts_** - The search result includes the display of charts for visualizing stock performance on Weekly and Monthly basis as per the user's request.

- **_Description_**- This section is further devided into two parts. The first part consists of basic description about the selected organization, and the second part mainly highlights the key features like open, high, low, close and volume tags of the stock under consideration. 

### Backend

- **_Reading Data_** - A descriptive statistics tab displays all the basic information about your data where, Numerical and Categorical data columns are analyzed separately.

- **_Conversion of Data_** - Data is converted to a suitable format to be processed for generating illustrative visualizations.

- **_Publishing of Visualizations_** - The processed data is used to plot Bar OHLC plots.

## Prerequisites

1. Node (npm)


## Instructions to setup and run the solution

To get a copy of the website running on your local system follow these steps :

1.  First clone the Repository.

    ```git clone Link of the repo comes here```

2.  Move to the directory and install all the dependencies.
    
    ```Steps to be followed at Server Side```  
    - cd repo_name  
    - cd server  
    - npm install  
    - npm start  

    
    ```Steps to be followed at Client Side```  
    - cd repo_name  
    - cd client  
    - npm install  
    - npm start  

## Demonstration

```Images highlighting the interface comes here```

## Design Criteria

- We have used Material UI for designing the frontend of our application

## Methods (Backend)

1. We have created a method to read .json files for fetching the list of registered companies.
2. Further the backend responds to the API call and addresses the query generated by the user. 
3. The logic is designed to output the stock prices for the selected organization as per the request of the user (Weekly/Monthly).

